feat: Add simple data import and export (#1630)
sourcenetwork/defradb: README.md

The catch-all `*` is also a valid origin. 

> ## Backing up and restoring

Reviewer: thought: I like this backing up and restoring analogy better :), but wondering if should be consistent as currently we have files with the following names:
- `backup_export.go`
- `backup_import.go`

Maybe instead can be:
- `backup.go`
- `restore.go`

Author: The way I went about it is: it's the backup feature and it can export and import data. I wanted a category of actions.

Reviewer: Yep I get that, I feel like backup is being used as an umbrella term. IMO commands will be simpler too if we can pick up one concise word for each action. As pointed out below

> It is currently no possible to do a full backup of DefraDB that includes the history of changes through the Merkle DAG. However, DefraDB currently supports a simple backup of the data in JSON format that can be used to seed a database or help with transitioning from one DefraDB version to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is currently not possible to do a full backup of DefraDB that includes the history of changes through the Merkle DAG. However, DefraDB currently supports a simple backup of the current data state in JSON format that can be used to seed a database or help with transitioning from one DefraDB version to another.
```

Author: ✅

> 

Reviewer: thought: If the above thought is expanded then we can have the cli be:
```
defradb client backup path/to/backup.json
defradb client restore path/to/backup.json
```

Instead of:
```
defradb client backup export path/to/backup.json
defradb client backup import path/to/backup.json
```

Author: I had 
```
defradb client export path/to/backup.json
defradb client import path/to/backup.json
```
before and it was suggested that grouping them under a command / api path would be clearer.

Reviewer: Hmm, I do like the one with less words to type. But if there seems to be a consensus reached already then will just follow that (also is a non-blocker thought).
